CAF: sensor_manager: Add sensor manager sample for multiple cores (#7391)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * Added the :ref:`ipc_service_sample` sample, showing throughtput of IPC service with available backends.
> 
> * Added the :ref:`caf_sensor_manager_sample` for single and multi core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * :ref:`ipc_service_sample` sample that demonstrates throughtput of the IPC service with available backends.
  * :ref:`caf_sensor_manager_sample` for single-core and multi-core SoCs.
```

* Added:

>   * :ref:`ipc_service_sample` sample that demonstrates throughtput of the IPC service with available backends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`ipc_service_sample` sample that demonstrates throughput of the IPC service with available backends.
```
